###  SWG - Static Website Generator
Copyleft by Simone 'evilsocket' Margaritelli <evilsocket@gmail.com>

### What is SWG ?

SWG is a new generation static website generator, featured by the Mako (http://www.makotemplates.org/) template system, born from the need to
have both performances and "WEB 2.0" contents and capabilities.

Given a set of files, one for each page/article, one for each author and one for the categories hyerarchy, SWG will read the configuration file
you specify from command line and generate a complete static website, with tags and categories indexing.

### Importing from another platform

Right now, in the 'importers' directory of the project, there's a script to convert a WordPress XML backup file to the
SWG format, to use it consider the following:

    python wordpress.py --help
    - SWG Wordpress Backup Importer -
    
    Usage: wordpress.py -i wordpress-backup.xml -u 'http://www.your-site-url.com' <options>
    
    
    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -i WPBACKUP, --input=WPBACKUP
                            The Wordpress XML backup file.
      -u SITEURL, --url=SITEURL
                            URL of the destination website.
      -o OUTDIR, --output=OUTDIR
                            Output directory, default is the current working
                            directory.
      -e FILEEXT, --extension=FILEEXT
                            Output file extension, default is txt.
      -I IMGDIR, --images=IMGDIR
                            If specified, it's the path where the importer will
                            try to download images referenced by articles.

So let's say for instance, that you have your wp.xml file and you want to export it to the 'example-site.com' directory, downloading
images referenced by the articles into the 'example-site.com/images' directory (the import will replace properly image urls), you
will use the command line:

    python wordpress.py -i wp.xml -u http://www.example-site.com -o 'example-site.com' -I 'example-site.com/images'

And it's all done!
Now you just have to create the templates, fix the categories hyerarchy inside the file 'example-site.com/db/categories.txt', customize
your own description inside 'example-site.com/db/your-nickname.txt' and make the configuration file following the example below.

### An example configuration file

    # Path of the db, templates and so on
    datapath   = example-site.com
    # Path of the db
    dbpath     = example-site.com/db
    # DB files extension
    dbitem_ext = txt
    # Category hierarchy file
    hierarchy  = example-site.com/db/categories.txt
    # Templates path
    tplpath    = example-site.com/templates
    # Template cache path
    tplcache   = example-site.com/cache
    # URL of the site you are going to generate
    siteurl    = http://www.example-site.com
    # Site name / description
    sitename   = An example site generated by SWG
    # Site charset
    charset    = utf-8
    # Site language
    language   = it
    # Comma separated site keywords
    keywords   = some, html, keywords, here
    # Site destination basepath
    basepath   = 
    # Site page files output extension
    page_ext   = html
    # Generated site output path
    outputpath = out
    # Items (dirs or files) to copy from datapath to outputpath (eg. static files, css, etc)
    copypaths  = css, images, .htaccess
    # Command to execute once the generation is finished, for instance an rsync :)
    transfer   = rsync -ravz out/* -e ssh user@example-site.com:/var/www/example-site.com/htdocs/
    # Enable or disable the pager on categories, index, tags and author pages
    pager      = true
    # If pager is enabled, this is the maximum number of items per page
    items_per_page = 10
    # Compress pages (ie. index.html.gz) and create (or update) .htaccess file to serve them as html files
    gzip       = true
    # Compression level, 0 to 9
    compression = 9
    # Clean output html with TIDY
    tidyfy = true

Pretty self explanatory isn't it ? :)

### Example project

For an example site, look at my personal blog github repo located here https://github.com/evilsocket/evilsocket.net

Enjoy ^^
